one of the more spectacular
aspects of these games is the
bat guano and the good guano
supports a very rich
invertebrate fauna of organisms
that are feeding on that warm
there are several species of
cockroaches cave scorpion news
and there are pseudo school
buildings there are a variety of
quite large spiders and lots of
species of mites and whole
variety of other more obscure
invertebrates
yeah
they certainly get into your
boots and trouser legs and
things of that nature and you're
looking shaking these
cockroaches out from hours
afterwards
you can't help but be fascinated
by such enormous accumulations
of organisms
yeah
Jesus a huge one like this yes
it's credible and I think one of
the nicer aspects of fieldwork
is being able to get up close to
the organisms
yeah